Interview questions
================
Mwangi George
2022-10-26

-   <a href="#where-do-you-see-yourself-in-5-years-from-now"
    id="toc-where-do-you-see-yourself-in-5-years-from-now">Where do you see
    yourself in 5 years from now?</a>
-   <a href="#why-should-i-hire-you" id="toc-why-should-i-hire-you">Why
    should I hire you?</a>
-   <a href="#what-makes-you-unique" id="toc-what-makes-you-unique">What
    makes you unique?</a>
-   <a href="#whats-your-biggest-weakness"
    id="toc-whats-your-biggest-weakness">What’s your biggest weakness?</a>

## Where do you see yourself in 5 years from now?

The company I work for is really important to me. We spend a lot of time
at work, and I genuinely want that time to be put to good use in a role
I enjoy doing, and for a company that wants to be the market leader. In
five years, I still plan to be working for you. I envision having
developed considerably by undertaking training courses and by learning
new skills on the job. In five years from now, I would also want to be
respected, trusted, and a high-performing member of the team, and
perhaps even having gained advancement to a more senior level.
Essentially, I want to build a long term career with your company.

## Why should I hire you?

I believe you should hire me because I already have the right skills,
qualities, and drive to match the job description. You should hire me
because I am a very quick learner. I will ensure I fit into your team
and start achieving right away. You should hire me because I am
flexible, I will do tasks that are outside of my job description, and I
will be available to work extra hours if needed to help out the
business. Finally you should hire me because I am commercially focused.
This means I will be a positive role model when representing the company
brand, and I will look for ways to help your business grow financially,
while at the same time being frugal with resources and supplies to help
the company save money.

## What makes you unique?

Several things make me unique. The first thing is my ability to
communicate and interact with people in a way that makes them feel
comfortable. Additionally, I am a supportive team worker. This is good
for your business because I will always put the needs of my team above
everything else. The second thing that makes me unique is my drive, my
desire to continually improve, and my understanding of how important
change is within an organization. I will never do the bare minimum, I
will support the company with its strategic vision, and I will help you
achieve your goals.

## What’s your biggest weakness?

My biggest weakness is my inability to say no to people. I am a bit of a
people-pleaser, and I tend to say yes to everything without first
considering my capacity to help or take on extra duties. Having said
that, I am trying to be more mindful in situations like these and am
genuinely the type of person who wants to continually improve and
develop both personally and professionally.
